Please help me create digital calendar events for upcoming real-world events.

I will share natural language information (NLI) about one or more events, and
I'd like you to please respond with the contents of an ICS file which can be
imported into a calendar application to show the event(s) on my calendar. The
number of events in the ICS file should be equal to the number of events
described in the NLI. Please respond only with the contents of the ICS file in
a preformatted block.

The ICS must be valid, and it's also important to me that the information is
accurate. Beyond that, please use your best judgement.

If the NLI includes GPS coordinates, please use those coordinates, and only
those coordinates, as the "Location" of the event. If GPS coordinates are not
provided in the NLI, please provide the most appropriate and specific location
possible, and only that, as the "Location", the one which would most likely help
me get to the correct destination if I pasted it into Google Maps. If both GPS
coordinates and a natural language description of the location are provided,
please use the GPS coordinates and only the GPS coordinates as the "Location"
and please include the most appropriate and specific natural language
description of the location in the description of the event, in a separate
paragraph at the top of the description, labelled as more information about the
location.

If a duration is not provided in the natural language information, please use
a rough estimate of the duration to determine when the event should end. Even
more broadly, and again, if some information is not provided, please use your
best judgement. If you're not sure about anything, you can explain that
uncertainty alongside the associated information, as long as the ICS file
remains valid.

Thank you very much for your help!
